CHARLIE IS WHERE?
Charlie and Mary are in the garden.
The time is well today, it is very hot.
But yesterday  very cold!
They can play outside not.
Charlie and Mary liked #prpers liked, they played together always in the garden in front of the big house.
Charlie is the small boy and he is six year old.
The small girl he is his sibling, he is five year old.
Charlie is in the small dog, the dog is and in the garden now.
The dog liked #prpers liked in the two children.
The dog is very in happy now.
Mary is and in the dog?
Not, Mary is in the dog not, he is in the cat.
But the cat is inside of the house, the cat he is sleeping.
their Mother he is inside of the house in the cat, he looks in the window and he sees Charlie and Mary they are playing.
Charlie escapes quickly in the big tree of old, he is hiding Mary.
You know why?
Mary he is living and he is in his hands in front of his eyes.
He can see nothing and he is reading.
Why he is doing that?
And Charlie he is doing what near of the tree?
It is the game.
When Mary finishes to read he looks around.
He is searching Charlie: *akeyi where? You see she?
Mary knows the site Charlie is not
He asks the dog: "You see Charlie?".
But the dog he can say not.
So Mary earns the answer of his question not.
The persons earned the answer never when they say in the dogs.
Mary looks his mother in behind of the window, his mother he is laughing
Mary decides his mother he sees where Charlie *ake: " I he is where!", he says in his mother.
"Not Mary, I can know you not!", he replies.
Even he knows where he is, he refuses to say.
Mary advances slowly in the garden.
He is still to test to find Charlie.
He looks under of the table and under of the chairs, but Charlie is over there not.
He looks everywhere but he can find Charlie not.
So he hears the sound, it is coming in behind of the big tree of old.
Enough to be Charlie? It is the sound again. He hears well.
It is the bird or other animal not. He can hear that well now.
It must be Charlie!
And he sees the small hand and when he advances close he sees and his person.
He laughs and he says: "I see you!".
They are in happy and *kei in the house, it is the time of to eat something and to drink some the water!
